Add Plugins page (#2246)
vmware-tanzu/velero: site/plugins.md

---
layout: page
title: Plugins
description: Velero Plugins
id: plugins
---

> Velero uses storage provider plugins to integrate with a variety of storage systems to support backup and snapshot operations.

Reviewer: Maybe something like (feel free to tweak):

```suggestion
Velero uses plugins to integrate with a variety of storage systems and Kubernetes platforms to support backup, restore and snapshot operations.
```

Read more about how to use and create plugins [in our docs][1], a detailed list of [supported providers][2], and check out our [plugin-example repo][3].

<div class="section section-background-{{ page.backgrounds.team }}">
  <div class="section-content">
    {% include plugins.html %}
  </div>
</div>

[1]: https://velero.io/docs

> [2]: https://velero.io/docs/master/supported-providers/

Reviewer: Can use the auto-redirect form of the link now!

```suggestion
[2]: https://velero.io/docs/supported-providers/
```
